Docs: Update Influx config options (#31146)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/influxdb.md

`User`      | Name of your database user
`Password`  | Database user's password
`HTTP mode` | How to query the database (`GET` or `POST` HTTP verb). The `POST` verb allows heavy queries that would return an error using the `GET` verb. Default is `GET`.

> `Min time interval` | See [detailed explanation]({{< relref "#min-time-interval" >}})

Author: For min interval as we have a section and it is in both flux and influxDB flavor it seems like a better idea to just link it.

> `Max series`| Limits the number of series/tables that Grafana will process. Lower this number to prevent abuse, and increase it if you have lots of small time series and not all are shown. Defaults to 1000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Max series`| Limits the number of series/tables that Grafana processes. Lower this number to prevent abuse, and increase it if you have lots of small time series and not all are shown. Defaults to 1000.
```

`Organization`   | The [Influx organization](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/organizations/) that will be used for Flux queries.  This is also used to for the `v.organization` query macro
`Token`          | The authentication token used for Flux queries. With Influx 2.0, use the [influx authentication token to function](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/security/tokens/create-token/).  For influx 1.8, the token is `username:password`
`Default Bucket` | The [Influx bucket](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/organizations/buckets/) that will be used for the `v.defaultBucket` macro in Flux queries

> `Min time interval` | See [detailed explanation]({{< relref "#min-time-interval" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Min time interval` | Refer to [Min time interval]({{< relref "#min-time-interval" >}}).
```
